the next generation of digital imaging
has arrived one that has literally
turned the imaging world upside down
introducing omni BSI to the world's
first one point one micron backside
illumination pixel by omni vision
technologies the leading developer of
advanced digital imaging solutions omni
BSI 2 is on the vision second generation
backside illumination technology and the
first BSI technology to adopt advanced
65 nanometer design rules and 300
millimeter wafer processing this marks a
new era in CMOS image sensor technology
one that will lead the digital imaging
world into the submicron domain omni BSI
is a CMOS image sensor architecture
using backside illumination or BSI
technology by flipping a front side
illumination pixel upside down light is
collected from the back side providing
an unobstructed path light to reach the
photodiode with metal and dielectric
layers now residing underneath the
photosensitive area light need only pass
through the micro lens and color filter
resulting in optimal light absorption
the result excellent imaging performance
best-in-class light absorption a greatly
improved fill factor and higher quantum
efficiency omniVision working closely
with leading manufacturing partners TSMC
and vecera has developed the second
generation BSI technology Omni BSI to
enables a 1 point 1 micron pixel that
matches the performance of our first
generation 1.4 micron psi sensors what's
more by implementing a 300 millimeter
copper processing capability Omni BSI to
enables us to continue offering
significant cost and performance
benefits to our customers to develop on
the BSI to technology omniVision adopted
a new set of custom 65 nanometer
9 rules to enable better pixel layout
improved isolation and significantly
less crosstalk Omni BSI to achieves
outstanding performance improvements as
compared to state-of-the-art front side
illumination technology Omni pixel three
HS for the same pixel size Omni BSI to
enables a one hundred ninety percent
increase in low-light performance a
sixty seven percent increase in quantum
efficiency and a fifty six percent
increase in full well capacity Omni BSI
to CMOS sensors also enjoy a more
aggressive chief ray angle allowing
shorter lens heights and therefore
thinner camera modules that drive the
next generation of advanced ultra-thin
camera enabled devices the best-in-class
aperture size afforded by our technology
enables better low-light sensitivity and
a lower f-number improving performance
in low-light situations to the end-user
the benefits of on the BSI to represent
substantial improvements over first
generation BSI technology resulting in
better image quality truer to life color
reproduction and overall camera
performance the continued
miniaturization of camera technology is
a critical factor shaping the future of
mobile imaging Omni vision technologies
turning the imaging world upside down